---
title: Software Engineer - Industrial Placement
company: Bloomberg
apply-link: https://careers.bloomberg.com/job/detail/53881
---

Bloomberg software engineers develop impactful solutions to complex, real-world problems. This is no different for our placement students. Engineering placements take ownership of their projects under the mentorship of full-time software engineers. We are looking for top computer science students who are passionate about technology and eager to learn in our high energy, fast-paced environment.
As a placement student, you’ll become an expert on the Bloomberg Terminal and gain a deeper understanding of technology and finance. In addition to your projects, you’ll participate in coding challenges, attend tech talks and network with other placement students and interns.
<br><br>
<h4>We’ll trust you to:</h4>
 Take ownership of projects under the guidance of your mentor
 Be a collaborative member of your team
 Have a deep understanding of data structures and algorithms
 Be an excellent problem solver
<br><br>
<h4>You’ll need to:</h4>
 Have experience in C/C++
 Be working towards an undergraduate or graduate degree in Computer Science
<br><br>
<h4>Additional Info:</h4>
 Flexible start date
 Available for 4-6 months
 <br>
We are extremely proud of our diverse and open culture, and value diversity of thought and perspective in every form. We're looking for engineers with a passion for writing reusable, efficient solutions to complex problems, who can keep an open mind and adapt to an ever-changing market landscape, collaborate and work effectively on small teams, and want to develop software that impacts thousands of power users around the world.
<br><br>
If this sounds like you, please apply below!
Find out more about Bloomberg Engineering here: http://www.bloomberg.com/careers/technology/engineering/