---
title: Game Developer Intern 
company: King
apply-link: https://apply.king.com/
---
 
<p> 
We are looking for a talented Game Developer Intern who wants to be a part of creating the very best bite sized entertainment for mobile & social platforms and millions of users.
</p>

<h4>Your role within our great Kingdom </h4>

<p>
If you want to build amazing user experiences and entertainment for millions of players to enjoy on the go then this is the right internship for you. Together with your colleagues you will take a part in creating and maintaining our mobile casual games. You will take part in the process of specifying, designing, building and implementing existing and new game features. As part of the development team you will enjoy a creative, challenging and shared environment where your ideas will be every bit as valued as your programming expertise. 
</p>
<p>
As a Game Developer intern you have an interest in understanding the whole tech stack, you have good analytical capabilities, you write well-structured code and have a great sense of what makes a good game. We work in an agile and iterative Scrum process with frequent releases to the live environment so you will see the impact of your work almost immediately.
</p>
<p>
Some bite sized bullet points of what you may be able to take part in during your internship are:

·         Design, architect, test and implement game features

·         Build valuable tools to support the game development process

·         Take an active part in game creation

·         Maintain and optimize new and existing game features

·         Deliver high quality and well-structured code

·         Share knowledge and help colleagues
</p>

<h4>Skills to create thrills</h4>

<p>
Pursuing or recently completed a degree in Computer Science or another relevant subject, including Science, Mathematics or Engineering
Solid programming experience in C++ and/or C# (Java may be considered)
A good understanding of computer science and current technologies (algorithms, data structures, software architecture, memory management)
Excellent communication and teamwork
Real passion for development and games
Tasty bonuses
</p>

<p>
Experience developing real-time applications
Experience with Unity
Understanding of modern C++ (11/14)
Knowledge of graphics programming (rendering pipeline, shaders)
A good sense of game design
</p>
 
<h4>Our Kingdom</h4>

<p>
King Digital Entertainment is a leading interactive entertainment company for the mobile world. King is an independent unit of Activision Blizzard Inc. (Nasdaq: ATVI), which acquired the company in February 2016. We make games for millions of players worldwide, which can be played on our king.com　and royalgames.com websites, Facebook, and mobile platforms such as the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store and the Amazon Appstore. King has game studios in Barcelona, Berlin, London, Malmö, Singapore, Seattle and Stockholm along with offices in Malta, San Francisco, Seoul and Tokyo. 
</p>

<h4>Want to join our Kingdom?</h4>

<p>
This internship is due to start in June 2017, apply now! Deadline to apply for this role is December 7th.
</p>
<p>
Your application must be in English. 
Please include your obtained/predicted grades on your CV.
</p>
<p>
The brilliant experience we give our players comes from the diversity and experience of our people. A great saga needs all sorts of heroes and heroines. That’s why we hire all sorts of talent.
</p>
