---
title: Game Designer Intern 
company: King
apply-link:  
---


<h4>Your role within our Kingdom</h4>
<p>
We are looking for a talented Game Designer Intern to help us shape and develop a range of new social games.
</p>
<p>
Your duties will include competitor analysis, game systems design & balancing, level design & testing.
</p>

<h4>Skills to create thrills</h4>

<p>
You need to be an avid gamer. You think like the players, and you understand the very fine distinction of what is fun and what is amazingly fun in games.
You have outstanding people skills, you are a team player and a good communicator with critical thinking and analytical skills, and you don’t mind changing directions while looking for unique experiences. 
</p>
<p>
You are currently pursuing/about to complete a degree in Game Design or similar discipline
You have some experience in fast prototyping
You are familiar with psychological models concerning motivation and didactic
You know how to script and are able to integrate content into the game
You know about Usability, Interaction Design and UX
You have designed UI and camera controls
</p>
<h4>Tasty bonus skills</h4>

<p>
You have experience designing for both a casual and competitive audience
You have some experience with user tests
You have some experience in Agile environments
</p>
<h4>Want to join our Kingdom?</h4>
<p>
This internship is due to start in June 2017, apply now! Deadline to apply for this role is December 7th.
</p>
<p>
Your application must be in English. 
Please include your obtained/predicted grades on your CV.
</p>
<h4>
Our Kingdom
 </h4>

<p>
King Digital Entertainment is a leading interactive entertainment company for the mobile world. King is an independent unit of Activision Blizzard Inc. (Nasdaq: ATVI), which acquired the company in February 2016. We make games for millions of players worldwide, which can be played on our king.com　and royalgames.com websites, Facebook, and mobile platforms such as the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store and the Amazon Appstore. King has game studios in Barcelona, Berlin, London, Malmö, Singapore, Seattle and Stockholm along with offices in Malta, San Francisco, Seoul and Tokyo. 
</p>
<p>
The brilliant experience we give our players comes from the diversity and experience of our people. A great saga needs all sorts of heroes and heroines. That’s why we hire all sorts of talent.
</p>