---
title: Developer Intern
company: King
apply-link: https://apply.king.com/
---
<p> 
Your role within our Kingdom
</p>
<p>
The engineering team in London is responsible for building complex, high-scale, real-time systems, working closely with other parts of the business to support the marketing activities for our popular games, We are looking for an intern with some practical experience, and the drive and enthusiasm to succeed in a demanding and professional team environment.  
</p>
<p>
Help Design, architect, test and implement features in our core services – advertising, game promotion, customer support
Build valuable tools to support the game development process
Deliver high quality and well-structured code
Share knowledge and help colleagues
Skills to create thrills
</p>
<p>
You must have excellent interpersonal and communication skills and be a strong team player, able to work in a fast paced, demanding yet fun professional environment.
</p>
<p>
Pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. 2.1 or above is desired.
Development experience using an object oriented language, such as Ruby, Java, C# or C++
Knowledge of and experience with JavaScript, HTML and CSS, and how they interact
</p>
<p>
Our Kingdom
</p>
<p>
King Digital Entertainment is a leading interactive entertainment company for the mobile world. King is an independent unit of Activision Blizzard Inc. (Nasdaq: ATVI), which acquired the company in February 2016.We make games for millions of players worldwide, which can be played on our king.com　and royalgames.com websites, Facebook, and mobile platforms such as the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store and the Amazon Appstore. King has game studios in Barcelona, Berlin, London, Malmö, Singapore, Seattle and Stockholm along with offices in Malta, San Francisco, Seoul and Tokyo. 
</p>
<p>
Want to join our Kingdom?
</p>
<p>
This internship is due to start in June 2017, apply now! Your application must be in English.
</p>
<p>
Please include your obtained/predicted grades on your CV.
</p>
<p>
The brilliant experience we give our players comes from the diversity and experience of our people. A great saga needs all sorts of heroes. That’s why we hire all sorts of talent.
</p>