---
title: Software Engineer - Industrial Placement
company: Bloomberg
url: https://careers.bloomberg.com/job/detail/53881
tagline: Must be able to work under tight deadlines
deadline: 2016-06-06
---

Bloomberg software engineers develop impactful solutions to complex, real-world problems. This is no different for our placement students. Engineering placements take ownership of their projects under the mentorship of full-time software engineers. We are looking for top computer science students who are passionate about technology and eager to learn in our high energy, fast-paced environment.
As a placement student, you’ll become an expert on the Bloomberg Terminal and gain a deeper understanding of technology and finance. In addition to your projects, you’ll participate in coding challenges, attend tech talks and network with other placement students and interns.

We’ll trust you to:

 Take ownership of projects under the guidance of your mentor
 Be a collaborative member of your team
 Have a deep understanding of data structures and algorithms
 Be an excellent problem solver

You’ll need to:

 Have experience in C/C++
 Be working towards an undergraduate or graduate degree in Computer Science

Additional Info:

 Flexible start date
 Available for 4-6 months
We are extremely proud of our diverse and open culture, and value diversity of thought and perspective in every form. We're looking for engineers with a passion for writing reusable, efficient solutions to complex problems, who can keep an open mind and adapt to an ever-changing market landscape, collaborate and work effectively on small teams, and want to develop software that impacts thousands of power users around the world. If this sounds like you, please apply below!
Find out more about Bloomberg Engineering here: http://www.bloomberg.com/careers/technology/engineering/